Add Docs on Secrets (#41)
serverless/enterprise: docs/secrets.md

# Serverless Framework Enterprise - AWS Secrets

Serverless Framework Enterprise AWS Secrets help you secure your service deployments by enabling Serverless Framework Enterprise to issue temporary AWS Access Keys to deploy your services to AWS.

> A Serverless Framework service without the Enterprise Plugin uses the AWS Access Keys stored in [environment variables](https://serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/guide/credentials/) or [AWS Profiles](https://serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/guide/credentials/). With Serverless Framework Enterprise Secrets the AWS Access Keys are generated by Serverless Enterprise on every deploy and the credentials expire after 15 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Serverless Framework service without the Enterprise Plugin uses the AWS Access Keys stored in [environment variables](https://serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/guide/credentials/) or [AWS Profiles](https://serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/guide/credentials/). With Serverless Framework Enterprise Secrets the AWS Access Keys are generated by Serverless Enterprise on every command and the credentials expire after one hour.
```

Reviewer: This update from [this PR](https://github.com/serverless/event-gateway-dashboard/pull/622)

# Serverless Framework Enterprise - AWS Secrets

Serverless Framework Enterprise AWS Secrets help you secure your service deployments by enabling Serverless Framework Enterprise to issue temporary AWS Access Keys to deploy your services to AWS.

> A Serverless Framework service without the Enterprise Plugin uses the AWS Access Keys stored in [environment variables](https://serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/guide/credentials/) or [AWS Profiles](https://serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/guide/credentials/). With Serverless Framework Enterprise Secrets the AWS Access Keys are generated by Serverless Enterprise on every deploy and the credentials expire after 30 minutes.

Reviewer 2: Have we confirmed it's 30 minutes? I thought it was 15. Either way, theres discussion about how it should be longer.

Author: You're right, it is 15 mins. https://github.com/serverless/event-gateway-dashboard/blob/0707236de3a8823e2a5295d0640043036ec5941b/backend/src/secrets/secrets.js#L199

## Minimum Version and Enterprise Plugin Requirements

In order to enable Serverless Secrets for a Service you must update your Service configuration to use Serverless Framework open-source CLI version 1.37.1 or later, and Enterprise Plugin 0.2.0 or later.

> ## Installing

Reviewer 2: Given this is linked from the getting started doc, is this needed?

### Link your AWS Account

1. Open https://dashboard.serverless.com/
2. Once logged in, click "**secure**" near the top of the page.
3. Click the "**+ add**" button on the right, and choose "**aws**".
4. In the modal that appears, click "**Click here to add a role**".

> 5. Login to **your personal AWS account** if prompted. Otherwise, verify that you are already logged into a personal account, and not a Serverless infrastructure account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Login to **your AWS account** if prompted. Otherwise, verify that you are already logged into a personal account, and not a Serverless infrastructure account.
```

The "personal" part of @plfx's instructions were Serverless Employee specific instructions (IE: don't use the serverless inc account)

6. Click "**Next: Permissions**" to proceed to the permissions page.
7. Tick the box next to the **AdministratorAccess** policy.
8. Click "**Next**" two more times to proceed to the Review page.
9. On the review page, enter any distinctive name (e.g. "ServerlessEnterprise") in the "**Role name**" field.
10. Click the "**Create role**" button and you will be brought back to the list of IAM roles.
11. Locate the role you just created in the list, and click its name.
12. On the summary page, next to the "**Role ARN**", click the copy icon.
13. Switch back to the Serverless Enterprise tab, and paste the copied ARN into the ARN blank for step 3 of the modal.

> 14. For step 4 of the modal, enter `my-secret` as the secret name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
14. For step 4 of the modal, enter a secret name that is meaningful to your projects.
```

or something like that. Main point is to encourage them to pick their own name.

15. Click "**create secret**".

> 16. Under the "**Add Applications**" keep “_Allow any application in this tenant to deploy to this account_.” selected.

Reviewer 2: Maybe explain the ALL & whitelist options work instead of directing the user to always do ALL?
